Email: admin@movieai.com
Password: Admin@123

Creating new admin user...
Admin account created successfully!
--- ADMIN CREDENTIALS ---
Email: admin@movieai.com
Password: AdminPassword123!
--------------------------

PS C:\Users\ASUS\OneDrive\Desktop\Movie R\server> Stop-Process -Id (Get-NetTCPConnection -LocalPort 5000).OwningProcess -Force
>>
PS C:\Users\ASUS\OneDrive\Desktop\Movie R\server> npm run dev
>>

The Gamification System is one of the most engaging parts of MovieAI. It turns your movie-watching journey into a rewarding experience. Here is a breakdown of exactly how it is implemented and how it works:

1. The Points System (XP)
We have built a real-time tracking engine in the backend that rewards you for every interaction:

🎬 Watching a Movie: Every time a movie is added to your history, you earn +10 Points.
⭐ Rating a Movie: For every movie you rate, you earn +5 Points.
🧠 AI Interactions: Using the mood discovery or chatbot also contributes to your engagement level.
2. Milestone Badges
The system uses a dedicated Badge Model to track your achievements. Once you hit specific milestones, a badge is unlocked and pinned to your profile:

First Watch: Awarded for your very first movie entry.
Critic: Awarded after you rate your first 10 movies.
Genre Explorer: Awarded when you watch movies across 5 different genres.
Binge Watcher: Triggered by high activity within a short timeframe.
3. User Analytics Dashboard
Your points and activity aren't just numbers—they are visualized in your Analytics Dashboard:

Genre Distribution: A Doughnut chart shows you which types of movies you love most based on your history.
Engagement Timeline: A Bar chart tracks your weekly watch activity.
Stats Cards: You can instantly see your "Total Points," "Total Ratings," and "Movies Watched" in premium glass-morphic cards.
4. Social Leaderboards
Every user is ranked globally based on their Points (🏆).

In your Dashboard Header, you can see your current total points.
This data is stored in the database under your User Profile, ensuring that your "Cinema Rank" is permanent and persists every time you log in.
5. Dynamic Updates via Socket.io
To make it feel "alive," the system uses WebSockets. When you finish a movie or submit a rating, the server pushes an update to your frontend immediately. This allows your points and badge progress to update without refreshing the page.

In short: Your MovieAI account is essentially a "Cinema RPG" where you level up simply by enjoying movies!